♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
♪You gave me strength♪
♪Running for truth♪
♪I find my path♪
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
♪In this long journey♪
♪I run on lightly♪
[Reborn]
[Adapted from Qiang Yu's work, Reborn]
I sent you tons of messages.
You never replied.
Why did you leave without a word?
Fine, ignore my messages.
I just wish I knew why.
I sent you tons of messages.
You never replied.
Why did you leave without a word?
Why?
Fine, ignore my messages.
I just wish I knew why.
Well said.
I could use this someday.
Sorry.
Back to business.
How can you
not get goosebumps
when you say something so mushy?
Not bad.
Who's the girl?
[Episode 14]
[Running Out of Brave]
Gather around!
Everyone.
The breaststroke lesson is over.
You may practice on your own.
If you can't hold your breath
for too long,
keep practicing.
Stay safe. Class dismissed.
Supervise them.
Don't you owe me an explanation
as to why you left without a word?
Is your family giving you a hard time?
What's your plan now?
Sheng.
What's wrong?
What did you talk about?
Sheng?
Sheng.
You're acting
like you're in an idol drama,
trying to save a damsel in distress.
But given her family's situation,
you should stay away from her.
I want to help her.
What's wrong with that?
Oh?
Is he mad?
What's his deal?
See? He admitted it.
Seriously?
Yeah.
So, why do some people go back
on their own promises?
It goes to show
she didn't think it through
when she made the promise.
Why make a promise, then?
Was she messing with me?
Don't get so worked up.
I didn't betray your trust.
That's not the worst part.
She won't tell me why.
Relax.
Qiao Qingyu avoiding you
means you still have a chance.
Otherwise, she could've rejected you.
Obviously, she was guilt-tripped.
Did I say it was Qiao Qingyu?
Didn't you?
It was a wild guess.
By the way, when you have the time,
check on your father.
Just this morning,
the patient's family blocked
the hospital entrance.
Why should I be concerned?
You know,
he loves to get involved
in these kinds of medical disagreements.
It's different this time around.
The matter escalated.
It made it to the news.
Great.
The world can see him
for what he really is.
Did the family of the patient
in Bed 15 sign it?
No.
Is that so?
Ming Sheng?
Hey.
Your father is not here.
When will the surgery be over?
Never mind. I can wait.
Did you watch Huanzhou News?
Look at this mess.
You're back.
I'll get another one.
Mr. Chen and his wife
are going on a trip.
I am dog-sitting for them.
See this?
You must only pee on this pad.
I thought keeping a dog was easy
and fun.
To my surprise,
it's harder than taking care
of a human being.
I don't know
what the little fella ate last night.
But it made its stomach sick.
It's been wreaking havoc
the whole night.
None of us could get
a good night's sleep.
Did you have dinner?
I ordered a food delivery.
Join me.
Did you leave the box?
I wanted you to have it
after I sorted everything.
I couldn't find the time.
Why?
You've always hated my mom.
Why did you keep an album
with photos of hers and mine?
When she left the family,
you weren't even five.
She wasn't there to raise you,
but I know
how much she means to you.
I thought
I should keep
all your photos with her safe.
I wanted to preserve them
so that I could hand them to you
when you were old enough.
Perhaps
that could make you feel like
she never left
but participated in your upbringing
in a different way.
Go on.
Are you kidding me?
Don't you think
that it would remind me
of losing my mother when I was five?
Sheng.
I'm sorry,
especially
for donating the scores
your mother performed.
I made a mistake.
I was too careless.
I should've considered your feelings.
I'm not about to forgive you
just because you're playing nice.
If you truly cared about me,
why did you chase my mom away?
You will understand
what happened between her and me
when you are old enough.
The same excuse again.
It's always the same excuse.
You won't tell me anything
because I am too young.
I am already 18.
I have the right to know the truth.
I am well aware
of how hypocritical those excuses are.
I know the high
and mighty hospital president
is staying at home
because of a medical dispute.
You've been suspended, haven't you?
Seeing you today
reminds me of myself at 18.
I saw the world
in an unconventional way then.
Are you implying
that growing up means
thinking in a conventional way?
No.
This is when you start to have
your own values.
These values will determine
how you see and perceive things.
However,
you must reach a certain age
to even begin to have
your own mature values.
Only then
will you not see things
in a narrow-minded and detached way.
Wait, you never told me anything.
What makes you think
I'd be narrow-minded?
Save your breath.
Spare me your fancy morality speeches.
If you
truly know,
the patients wouldn't
have pressed charges
to get you suspended.
Since you can't go to work,
consider this a vacation.
Don't try to push yourself
into doing things you're bad at,
such as having a dog
and being a good father.
Coming.
Who is it?
Hello, madam.
Mumu?
Here for Qingyu?
Yes.
My family is away.
I got back on my friend's bicycle.
I was carrying a lot of revision files.
They are quite heavy.
I'm hoping Qingyu could give me a hand.
They are downstairs.
We'll be right back.
I'll get her.
Come in.
Never mind, madam.
Okay.
This is a concealer.
Just a little bit
is enough
to cover the marks on your face.
Mumu.
I feel awful.
I know.
You said you envied me for my courage.
But I think
I'm running out of courage.
I don't even know
if everything I've done
was right at all.
I overestimated myself.
I wanted them to admit their sins.
But I was defeated.
Not only did I fail to exact justice,
but I also made the whole family mad.
Losing doesn't mean you're wrong.
The moment I was brought home,
I knew what I was going to face.
They could beat me, scold me,
or punish me however they want.
But they wanted me to apologize.
I didn't do it.
I didn't think I made a mistake.
Someday,
I'll prove them wrong.
I will make them apologize to me
and Qiao Beiyu.
I came across a quote in a book.
"Growing up is a rotten phase
everyone must go through."
Perhaps growing up
comes with the pain you feel.
Will you be my friend forever?
I will be your friend forever.
I envy you.
No matter how tough life becomes,
you can always smile.
Would you like to know
how I forget the pain?
I dance.
Qingyu.
Join the dance club.
Because of my older sister,
I've always liked dancing.
But my mother...
If I ever get the chance,
I'll fulfill her wish.
Fanghao sends her to school
and picks her up after school.
We installed another door
and got a new lock.
Don't worry.
We'll keep an eye on her at all times.
I know.
I'll bring her back
and give you an explanation.
Yes.
Hold on. Passing the phone to Fanghao.
Dad.
Qing will sit
for her mid-term exam soon.
I'll keep an eye on her.
She's not going anywhere.
Why did you say that?
Lusheng.
I beg of you.
Trust me on this.
Beiyu is gone.
Wait.
We can't ruin Qing's future as well.
Give me the phone.
We can't let them mistreat Qing again.
Call him back and explain to him!
She put us all in hot water
after the stunt she pulled!
She owes them
an apology.
They've punished her enough.
Don't hang up.
What else do they want?
You're her father!
Why won't you save your own daughter?
But we can't be unreasonable.
Unless we bring her back,
none of us can go back
to Nanqiao Village.
Li Fanghao!
Listen to me.
She must go back and apologize!
Give me the phone!
I won't let you have Qing!
You're out of your mind!
You are a bunch of heartless wretches!
Li Fanghao!
You...
When
you and your family
forced me to bear a son,
I should've left
with Bei!
I should've left you
and this cursed family!
Stop it!
I've had enough of this!
You want a divorce, is that it?
Qiao Lusheng...
This is too much.
You are a worthless coward.
You can't even say
you want a divorce out loud!
Grandpa called.
They want you to apologize.
Mom found out
you'd be in for a harsh beating
if you went back.
She refused to send you back.
Mom and Dad have been
fighting all night.
Qiao Beiyu's miscarriage
was nothing more than a rumor.
But thanks to you,
it was proven to be true.
There are all kinds of theories online
about how Qiao Beiyu died.
Jinrui got a divorce,
but he hasn't told Grandma.
I heard
Aunt Yanfen was so upset
that she ended up in the hospital.
Our parents are getting a divorce.
I never wanted things to get this ugly.
Your intention is good.
You wanted to avenge Beiyu.
But now, you've failed to avenge her
while tearing this family apart.
We knew Beiyu was the victim.
How could we pretend nothing happened?
I don't know.
But please, don't be stubborn.
It will never be over
until you apologize to their family.
Qiao Beiyu is gone,
but life goes on.
Just think of this
as brushing them off.
An apology from you
will make things easier for our family.
Is that too much to ask?
Dad, stop drinking.
It's bad for your health.
If you could be more sensible
and stop upsetting me,
I might live a few years longer.
Believe it or not,
I never wanted everyone
to suffer this much.
Everyone is suffering now.
Your mom is suffering.
I'm suffering.
You are tearing this family apart!
What are you thinking?
I'll go with you.
I'll go back to Nanqiao Village.
You got us into big trouble.
Your grandparents,
your uncle, and your aunt,
they won't go easy on you.
Going back to the village means misery.
What else can we do?
Everyone thinks I'm in the wrong.
Fine, I'll take the responsibility.
I don't care how they punish me.
I'm not afraid.
But I can't stand it
if you fight with Mom all the time.
Fine.
You're the mature one.
We'll leave tomorrow morning.
Don't tell your mom.
Wear something thick tomorrow.
This is all my doing.
The blame is on me.
It's too late to undo anything.
But I alone am responsible.
Grandpa, punish me any way you want.
You ruined my son's life!
He is only in his 20s.
You destroyed his future!
I will never hurt this family
in the future.
In the future?
The whole village knows
Jinrui was adopted.
Is your mom too scared to come here?
Are you even here to apologize?
You never even shed a tear!
Lusheng.
Make sure you teach her a lesson today.
Beat her!
Lusheng!
Do it now!
Dad...
Are you doing it or not?
Do it!
Do it now!
Dad!
Dad! Dad!
Dad! Calm down!
Dad.
Mom!
Haisheng,
Yanfen.
Qingyu is young and rash.
She hazed Jinrui's wedding
and embarrassed you.
She did wrong.
But she is just a child.
You can blame me
for not restrain her
as her mother.
Mom...
As long as it appeases you,
you may beat me or scold me
however you like.
I apologize to you.
Mom!
Stand up.
An apology?
With some fancy excuses?
You two daughters
destroyed my son.
The damage you cause Jinrui
will last a lifetime!
A lifetime! Do you hear me?
Calm down.
Yanfen.
Let's ask our conscience.
We may have destroyed Jinrui's life,
but what about my Beiyu?
I lost my Beiyu.
Beiyu?
Her death has nothing to do with Jinrui.
She had it coming.
She deserved it!
She deserved to die!
Qingyu, stand up.
Stand.
Do as I say.
Yanfen.
Let me tell you another secret.
It was me
who told Qingyu to do it.
Mom!
I'll make you pay!
How could you still defend Qingyu?
You'll pay for this!
Yanfen!
That's enough!
Let go of me!
I'll make you pay!
You'll pay for this!
You and your daughters
are cursed fiends!
We've had enough trouble!
Stop spewing nonsense!
Yanfen!
Dad!
We deserve justice, Dad!
Mom!
Mom, what are you doing?
Stop hitting yourself!
Mom!
Let's leave.
Come with me.
[Wedding]
The whole family is in pieces,
thanks to you.
I'll wash the vegetables.
How were we going to resolve it
without her apology?
My family will never stop
coming after us.
I had it all planned out.
She was supposed to apologize
and get some punishment.
It wouldn't have taken too long.
Her grandpa wouldn't harm her.
But you?
You just made things so much worse.
What was going on in your mind?
I lost my mind, thanks to your family.
Hey.
With all due respect,
I think
Dad and Grandpa weren't wrong.
It's true that Jinrui hurt Beiyu.
Grandpa and the family kept it a secret.
Even if they've all done
the wrong thing,
and they must pay for their wrongdoing,
but this is
too big of a price to pay.
If
you knew
things would turn out this way,
would you still avenge Beiyu
the same way?
I'll stay in the dorm
starting this semester.
Our parents are always fighting.
You're always putting on a long face.
I can't study in this house.
Take a bite.
You need to grow strong so you can fly.
Eat up.
Eat your food.
Qingyu.
I know you don't want to talk to me.
But please listen to me.
I know you hate
this family.
Honestly, I hate it too.
But you are still too young
to live outside on your own.
You will get mistreated.
Bear
with it.
When you get old enough, graduate,
and contribute to society,
you can do whatever you want.
I won't interfere.
Please trust me on this.
I am a person of my word.
How much money do you have
on the meal card?
Enough for a term.
Get decent meals.
Don't try to save money.
Take a ten-minute nap at noon.
Madam, Qingyu.
Hello, madam.
Hi.
Wait here tonight.
Hmm.
Qingyu and I will go in.
Okay.
She worries too much.
She is too overbearing,
but I know she means well.
I should stop upsetting them.
Since I can't change the past,
I'll just behave from now on.
Does it stick?
What's up?
It's nothing.
Show me!
What's the deal with you?
Oops, you sat on the glue.
Oh boy.
You got a taste of your own poison.
You had it coming for being a bully.
Says the big bullies
of the school.
Drop the act.
Why?
Can't we have a change of heart
and start anew?
Yeah.
So, stop being a bully,
or we'll punish you
in the name of justice.
Let's go to the toilet.
Hand it over.
Someone wants you to have this.
[If you turn around,
I'll always be there.]
Sheng!
Hey.
Carry on.
I passed her the note.
What did she say?
Nothing at all.
How did she react?
No reactions.
Nothing?
Yeah.
She reacted.
She gave it a long thought.
A long thought?
What is that supposed to mean?
Oh, Qiao Qingyu.
Seeing you reminds me of something.
A few days ago, I saw Ming Sheng
getting out of a cab with a girl.
Was it you?
Was she staying
at Ming Sheng's grandpa's?
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance
that separates us♪
♪A single step,
and we'd be closer still♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time not betray
our acquaintance♪